add some more error logs than can be used in  troubleshooting (#6135)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/troubleshooting.md

## Stale indexes

> Each ServiceControl service stores its data in a RavenDB embedded database. Indexes are used by RavenDB as way to query the documents. This indexing is done asynchronously in the background and is triggered whenever data is added or changed. The use of indexing is that it allows the server to respond quickly even when large amounts of data has changed and avoids costly table scan operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ServiceControl instance stores its data in a RavenDB embedded database. Indexes are used by RavenDB as way to query the documents. This indexing is done asynchronously in the background and is triggered whenever data is added or changed. The benefit of indexing is that it allows the server to respond quickly even when large amounts of data has changed and avoids costly table scan operations.
```

> Each ServiceControl instance stores its data in a RavenDB embedded database. Indexes are used by RavenDB as way to query the documents. This indexing is done asynchronously in the background and is triggered whenever data is added or changed. The benefit of indexing is that it allows the server to respond quickly even when large amounts of data has changed and avoids costly table scan operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each ServiceControl instance stores its data in a RavenDB embedded database. Indexes are used by RavenDB as way to query the documents. This indexing is done asynchronously in the background and is triggered whenever data is added or changed. The benefit of asynchronous indexing is that it allows the server to respond quickly even when large amounts of data has changed and avoids costly table scan operations.
```

> But a downside of this is that as indexes are not updated immediately and can become stale quickly. A healthy system has indexes updated in milliseconds or up to several seconds under load. When indexes get very stale, this means that indexes lag behind for a long duration and can affect data presented and started tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A downside of this is that as indexes are not updated immediately and can become stale quickly. A healthy system has indexes updated in milliseconds or up to several seconds under load. When indexes get very stale, the process of updating them can last for a long duration and can affect data presented and started tasks.
```

Systems are affected by severe index lag when the following custom check message is presented:

> At least one index significantly stale. Please run maintenance mode if this custom check persists to ensure index(es) can recover. See log file in `{LogPath}` for more details.

A warning message is seen in the logs when the Indexing lag exceeds the default threshold value of 10,000

```txt
2023-07-03 09:41:08.4189|6|Warn|ServiceControl.CheckRavenDBIndexLag|Index [ExpiryKnownEndpointsIndex] IndexingLag 22,242 is above warning threshold (10,000). Launch in maintenance mode to let indexes catch up.
```

> This can be usually resolved by launching  the ServiceControl instance in maintenance mode and letting the indexes catch up. Message ingestion stops but the database engine still runs and messages will continue to queue. This ensures that any tasks related to index rebuilding or index scanning can run without interruption. This is useful to resolve situations where the storage isn't fast enough to do both message ingestion and index operations, such as when an unexpected spike in message processing occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be resolved by launching the ServiceControl instance in maintenance mode and letting the indexes catch up. Message ingestion pauses when in maintenance mode, but the database engine still runs and messages will continue to queue. This ensures that any tasks related to index rebuilding or index scanning can run without interruption. This is useful to resolve situations where the storage isn't fast enough to do both message ingestion and index operations, such as when an unexpected spike in message processing occurred.
```

- Delete the `Indexes` folder
- Start the ServiceControl instance

> Info: Sometimes deleting the 'Indexes' folder or the database folder can cause the audit instance to not start. If that comtinues to happen, try running the 'ServiceControl.Audit.exe /setup' in powershell

Reviewer: Really?

Author: @WilliamBZA - updated text to be more explicit

> Info: In RavenDB 5.0 even after deleting the 'Indexes' folder or the database folder, database and indexes may not be recreated correctly. This can cause the audit instance from starting successfully due to database corruption. If that continues to happen, try running the 'ServiceControl.Audit.exe /setup' in powershell

Reviewer: > database and indexes may not be recreated correctly

How can customers tell if this has happened? What should they look out for?

### Stopped audit instance

Review if all listed audit instances are running.

## No destination specified for message

> If queue name is incorrect in the audit instance config, the following error can be seen in the audit logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A missing `ServiceControlQueueAddress` in the configuration file for audit instances will cause the following error can be seen in the audit logs:
```

```txt
2023-06-20 13:38:45.4426|7|Warn|ServiceControl.Audit.Auditing.AuditPersister|Processing of message '7437b01e-32c1-4a29-9aed-f0c86ac64ebe' failed.
System.Exception: No destination specified for message: ServiceControl.Contracts.EndpointControl.RegisterNewEndpoint
   at NServiceBus.UnicastSendRouter.RouteUsingTable(IOutgoingSendContext context) in /_/src/NServiceBus.Core/Routing/UnicastSendRouter.cs:line 108
```

> This error is caused if there is no setting for ServiceControl.Audit/ServiceControlQueueAddress. Check the audit instance config file in the audit installation path  and add in the missing key value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is caused if there is no setting for `ServiceControl.Audit/ServiceControlQueueAddress`. Check the audit instance config file in the audit installation path  and add in the missing key value
```

 ```xml
<add key="ServiceControl.Audit/ServiceControlQueueAddress" value="[QUEUENAMEGOESHERE]"/>
```

## File/Folder used by another process

> Sometimes the logs could have the following errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the RavenDB logs could have the following errors
```

> Sometimes the RavenDB logs could have the following errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the RavenDB logs could have the following errors:
```

```txt
System.IO.IOException: Error during flush for FailedMessageFacetsIndex ---> System.IO.IOException: The process cannot access the file 'D:\ServiceControl-Share\Particular.Servicecontrol\DB\Indexes\10\_49l.cfs' because it is being used by another process.
```

>  or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 or 
 
```
